fix: Update the description of callbackFn's accumulator in `Array.reduceRight()` (#26594)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/array/reduceright/index.md

- `callbackFn`
  - : A function to execute for each element in the array. Its return value becomes the value of the `accumulator` parameter on the next invocation of `callbackFn`. For the last invocation, the return value becomes the return value of `reduceRight()`. The function is called with the following arguments:
    - `accumulator`

>       - : The value resulting from the previous call to `callbackFn`. On first call, `initialValue` if specified, otherwise the last element's value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : The value resulting from the previous call to `callbackFn`. On first call, `initialValue` if specified, otherwise the array's last element's value.
```

>       - : The value resulting from the previous call to `callbackFn`. On first call, `initialValue` if specified, otherwise the value of the last element in the array. (See below.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : The value resulting from the previous call to `callbackFn`. On first call, `initialValue` if specified, otherwise the last element's value.
```
